hello everybody welcome to the siegel
center I wanted to thank everyone for
coming today is a very important day for
us as we announced the latest addition
to our basketball program and want to
tell you guys a few things about them
one of the things that we look for in
recruiting is people with a lot of
enthusiasm we want to have an
enthusiastic program filled with
enthusiastic people and I think we found
a very very enthusiastic person to my
right is Morgan Vega all right he's out
here with his mom Shelly and his brother
Gabriel's here too right where's Gabriel
ready David Morgan 17 years old he's
from in Raikou Virginia and he's a huge
VCU Rams fan and today we want to
welcome them to our program so mom if
you can help me with this we have a
national letter of intent right here and
we want to sign which makes you have
officially a member of our program
did
well we found out about Morgan through
team impact and just really really
excited about adding him to our team
he's as I said a very very enthusiastic
young man loves basketball and he loves
the VCU Rams well like I said it's
always good to have people that are part
of your organization that having a
passion and enthusiasm about what you're
doing Morgan is a young man that has
certainly been through some adversity
but he's got a great attitude he's got a
great smile he loves VCU basketball and
we're excited about having them here
well I think it's a good reminder for
our players that you know there are a
lot of people out there they look up to
them and you know in this case Morgan is
really not much younger than than our
guys Morgan 17 years old our players are
our youngest players are 18 so I think
for our guys it's a humbling reminder of
just the perspective that's out there
and the reality that in our small world
of VCU basketball there are there's a
lot of people that are watching what
we're doing